tweaked instructions to make the relevant issue links clearer (#2348)
OpenLiberty/blogs: README.md

These steps are to be completed by the author of the blog post.

1. Create an issue for the blog post. This is to help the editors track the progress of the post.

   * **All blog posts except release blog posts**

>      Create [a normal issue](https://github.com/OpenLiberty/blogs/issues/new). In the description, give a simple outline of the purpose of the blog post. If there is a specific date by which the post must be available, mention that in the description too.

Reviewer: ```suggestion
     Create [a issue](https://github.com/OpenLiberty/blogs/issues/new). In the description, give a simple outline of the purpose of the blog post. If there is a specific date by which the post must be available, mention that in the description too.
```

Did not feel like we needed to describe what kind of issue to open, in this case "normal", since we now have a direct link to opening an issue.

   * **GA and beta release blog posts** (Open Liberty GA release announcements only)

>      Create [an issue using the `Open Liberty release notes` issue template](https://github.com/OpenLiberty/blogs/issues/new/choose). Make sure to select each task in the issue as you complete it to show progress.

Reviewer: ```suggestion
     Create [an issue using the `Open Liberty GA release blog post` issue template](https://github.com/OpenLiberty/blogs/issues/new/choose). Make sure to select each task in the issue as you complete it to show progress.
```

Update to the latest template name

Author: I've changed the name of the template so neither version is correct now. I've updated the text with the new name.
